hello my name is Doreen and I want you
to know how to take off your Evelyn from
the VW Golf or ISO video on YouTube that
showed us if you pull while you're
rotating counterclockwise the emblem
would just come out or I don't know push
either of that worked I try 10 times and
I figured maybe this is not possible
with my car so I managed to take off all
my mask it's fixed only clips no
screwdriver needed the mask has two
clips on the left side one here one down
here I hope yeah you can see one on the
top yeah that little one the same on the
right side and the most important ones
are this on the bottom line was broken I
think so you have to be very careful not
to broke it not to break it
and the one at the top side in the
middle you have to push with something I
use the pad I push this down and yeah I
try okay so you can see now so through
this hole I push this down and then I
just pull back the whole mass cut out
this can be also separated into it has
now again all the clips as you can see 2
4 yeah 6 and 8 clips with this one hour
10 it's very easy to unmount and I guess
that's it if you want to paint it's very
easy now I brought this in my house
so thank you for watching and I hope
it's going to help bye bye